All right. Hopefully, this wasn't too tricky.
This is actually a very similar situation to the udacicolaVotes.
pepcityVotes was also made a local variable,
and similarly, its scope is limited to just the votePepcity method.
Meaning that, it gets created here and then in
this next line after adding one to its value, it gets trashed.
Now something you might have noticed is how pepcityVotes doesn't
have the initialization to zero that udacicolaVotes does.
This is actually a pretty big error,
and will cause your code to not be able to compile.
Meaning, it won't be able to run on the phone.
Local variables must be initialized.
Meaning, that they must be given some sort of
initial value like we're doing here with the udacicolaVotes.
Then we have the same problems that we had with the udacicola between button clicks.
It's not actually really counting up how many votes that pepcity has,
and when we do the show me votes method,
because the scope ends here,
you actually won't be able to use the variable value down here.
So if you said that this has the same problems as udacicolaVotes does, you'd be correct.
Okay. Let's look at another problem.